hello everyone I'm going to eat tacos more than a recipe is a way to
eat what I know how to make a wheat or corn tortilla let's start doing
the pico de gallo for it we need two tomatoes cut in cubes valeria
chopped onion
do not
how could it be otherwise than each
two
also because we mix everything
in mexico the pico de gallo was called many accompaniments of fruits and
vegetables cut into cubes
it is logical that citizens
and we put a little sea salt
we are also going to need that society
but the good
I do not know what a trance they are coloring
the simpa we have a good amount
sauce for tacos xunta and spicy to give a little grace
I usually also used salsa for as well as candidate is better
highlights of fascists but there was not a supermarket and of course that area
verde carmen galán on axes for half a kilo of meat of course this
brand although alarm everything he did is still the richest for my taste
but you know you have to try the drugs
you can not stop being delicate they represent nothing
we put a pan with a little hot oil
we wait a few laps for it to be achieved
p
when you see that water starts to come out of the meat is so big
in fact it is disapproved we remove it well until the pampa occurs
two
they are also giving
and then put a little more nervous like that they are giving
when there is no water left as you see because until Saturday
we are going to continue
we put the tortilla
a little greek yogurt lack of sour cream
a little of the sauces we want
the discretion
a little cheese that will melt with the hot head
p
the pico de gallo
and on Sunday people who are a red tie in pieces and we echo Moscow
first we close down so that we do not fall down although later we support it
a difficult operation but only the first time you will see as with the
practice of getting is doing it perfect
every day he commented
good and that's all as always more information and the ingredients in the
Blog
until next time